**About Grace Griles** 

_Basic information_
* I'm academically a junior even though I started as a freshman last semester.
* My preferred pronouns are she/her.
* I am very excited to be taking this course, even though I didn't know what DH was until I read the syllabus.
Before I get anymore personal, I thought it would be good to at least show you what I look like.
[Well here's what I look like.](https://github.com/gracelgriles/ladwhistledownengl350/blob/main/images/profile.jpegsmaller.JPG?raw=true).      
          
Admittedly that picture is almost two years old, but I've been told by many people, especially my younger brother, that my face has looked the same since I was seven years old. The only thing has changed is my hair length. My brother has never failed to give me a reality check when needed and not so needed. However, it's something I appreciate because when you come from a place like [this](https://github.com/gracelgriles/ladwhistledownengl350/blob/main/images/hometownjpegsmall.jpg?raw=true). and you want to go into a fast paced career like journalism, it's important to stay hoepful but realistic. So far my plan is going pretty well. I'm earning my bachelor's early so that I have time to go to grad school to be a professor, another career I know I'd love, before I even turn twenty-two. I've also taken the time to build my resume by interning with a nonprofit, building rapport with professors, volunteering, and working at least a part time job since I was fifteen. I even recently joined Greek Life here at CNU to add the cherry on top. There is a lesson I, and I'm certian many others, have learned this past year.
**_Life doesn't always go as planned_**        
So all the volunteering, interning, and working I have done don't guarantee me a chance to live my dream of reasearching, writing, and interviewing important people. Of course, that's a rather discouraging thought, but I've decided to accept that reality and stay hopeful. Obviously there's much more to that conclusion, but hopefully I'll get a hcance to answer that in another prompt. 
