# Grant Process and Refelction 

## by Grace Griles

Admittedly I have never written anything close to a grant before, so I was rather nervous to start ths project. However, when I found my topic my nervousness faded into exitemnt. My topic is about how the isolation due to the pandemic is effecting the development of children ages newborn to elementary school. Socializing is crucial to brain development during these ages. Therefore, being placed in complete isolation will lead to never before seen results. These results could be negative. It is essential that the reasearch starts on this subject while it is happening so that future researchers has access to time accurate information. This information will also be helpful to the children who were affected oce they grow up when they start noticing their different social patterns.  I plan to put all of this information in a set of online archives that will be accessible to the public. 

I find the ide aof doing research on this topic fascinating because a pandmeic is a rare event, and the way the world is hadnling education right now has never been done before. Pre-pandemic socializing was not something chidlren had to seek out. It was natural. As someone who was homeschooled from first grade to highschool I have experienced first hadn how isolation can effect an individual's development long term. In fact, the way my education was presented to me was rather similar to how the subjets of this study are experiencing education similar to mine. 

When I first imgained my project I envisoned making a series of podcast. The only reason I thoguht of this was because i honeslty do not have that much experience wiht building a DH project, and I didn't know the options I had. It wasn't until I did poorly on my proposal and met with Dr. Stover that I realized an archive would be the best option. Dr. Stover also helped me to realiz that it would be best if I focused this study on one specific area. She prodded me towards focusing on teh Hampton ROads area.  Dr. Stover also sent me some projects that were similar to mine. I also looked up a few myself and found that my projecte differs by the specificness of the location, age group, and the way it focuses solely on the impacts of the education the childrena are receiving. Also majority of the projects are public entry based. meaning that
